it's none of my business if you give
your money to someone on the Internet
none whatsoever do I have the right to
have an opinion about the general
practice of giving to fund me GoFundMe
pages or whatever they're called of
course I do this is my channel I have a
right to form an opinion of that
if you've been around on YouTube for any
length of time you will remember not
that long ago when there was a not so
favorable outcome when it came to
funding a person on YouTube now I'm not
gonna mention any names
but some of you can confirm exactly what
I'm talking about there was a promise
made viewers gave money to a person and
then that promise wasn't kept and let's
say the amount was $8,000
well that $8,000 was intended to go to
animal welfare and there was no evidence
that it did and there was no way to
verify that or account for that hey
everybody Chris here with an update on
the friends not food sanctuary scam if
you're just tuning in now there was a
huge scam through GoFundMe under friends
not food sanctuary a lot of people
donated because they felt really bad for
the couple the elderly couple that was
running the sanctuary it turns out that
they don't actually exist and a lot of
people donated we as a vegan community
came together and normally I would say
research these things but I found other
people that were putting together this
campaign and if there was anything I
could do I was I was there to do it
besides I was you know incredibly busy
with others things so I just didn't
really have the time and I didn't think
twice about going and researching it but
I was part of the team that donated my
my I guess my merchandise for the prizes
that if other people donated they would
win
so I called the the Sheriff's Department
and I asked about if they knew anything
about the sanctuary and they said they
didn't know anything about it
they've never heard of them and the
second question I asked was how close
does Crossville to the tennessee fires
that are going on and they said they're
about two hours away
they reached 35,000 fifty four dollars
and they took off with it if you did
donate the good thing is that GoFundMe
is actually reimbursing you for your
donation if you get ahold of them I
think a lot of people are probably
feeling the same way I am and I haven't
been able to get a lot of sleep I
haven't been able to do my work all I
can do is occupy myself with this I
think a lot of us feel really duped and
into donating for a cause like this you
know it just was hard to think that
somebody would would do something like
this to everyone but there were warning
signs they didn't have a website they
didn't have any real pictures of any of
the farm or any of the people that work
there there was nobody to vouch for them
saying that they worked there and a lot
of there was a lot of red flags there so
if you're gonna donate to a cause make
sure you have some references and don't
go through a third party go directly to
the cause John and myself with the vegan
zombie we've been to several real farm
sanctuaries across the country I've done
videos of all of them so if you want to
find a real legit sanctuary to donate to
you can check out some of our videos we
have a whole playlist for animals and
sanctuaries and you can check those out
now I'm not gonna mention any names but
some of you can confirm exactly what I'm
talking about there was a promise made
viewers gave money to a person and then
that promise wasn't kept
just because aisel Mazar had some papers
in his hand and he was standing outside
the courthouse or he walked inside the
courthouse you know any anybody can con
anybody like I could do things every day
and show you things that look real and
they're not you know they make stuff up
so people keep coming back for more you
become more and more gullible
you know clips and and and videos that
manipulate and play tricks on your brain
with music behind it it's very it's very
interesting and very creative and I
actually got suckered into it somewhat
you know and it's a mindfuck it really
is a mindfuck but once you're older and
you start to realize like wait a minute
how does this person have this person's
contact number or information how does
this other person say okay well
someone's old contacted me by phone and
and we agreed to wait a minute I thought
you guys are against one another how how
do you have each other's contact
information you know and even I've cont
you know eyes a lot contacted during
Ryder I told him that you know I we can
have a fight and about and he declined
and he didn't get back it's it's all
smoke and mirrors man it's just talk
it's just talk you don't know these
people you're only going by what they
tell you you don't know me you don't
know me but I'm saying as an older
person I can look and I can analyze and
I can place judgment on people and I'm
usually a hundred percent right
[Music]
evolution